/*  This tale was made for a university deep Q learning project for the teaching of "Samu" (https://github.com/nbatfai/samu).
    Copyright (C) 2015 István Kokas
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".*/

Once upon a time there was two little siblings.
They got mad at there overprotecting mother.
She didn't let them walk in the forest alone.
One day they sneaked out into the forest.
They didn't ask for their mother's permisson.
They were walking in the forest.
They heard some strange noise.
The noise was coming from the bush.
It was the wolf.
It was a trap.
The wolf wanted to eat them both.
They started to ran.
They lost each other.
The younger brother came up with an idea.
He will ask for the help of them animals of the forest.
First, he met the snail.
The sanil wanted to help.
Unfortunately he was too slow so he couldn't.
Then he found the deer.
But sadly the deer was too afraid of the wolf.
The deer didn't want to help.
The boy was really desperate.
Then things turned into a good way.
He noticed a squirrel on the tree.
He told him what happend.
The wolf can't catch the squirell on the trees.
He is fast enough to escape if things turn bad.
The squirell agreeed to help.
He started to jump from tree to tree.
He was looking for the kid's brother.
He was looking for more help.
He found the boar.
The boar wasn't as friendly as the squirell.
He lead the kid to the trap of the wolf.
The squirell found the older brother.
But he was too late as the wolf already captured his brother.
They were planing what to do.
They saw the bear who was trapped.
They told the bear that they help if the bear will help free his brother.
They did so.
The bear helped to frighten away the wolf.
The squirell helped them to find there way back to there mother.
They were really grateful for the squirell.
They promised to visit him sometimes.
They apologized and promised their mother that they won't ever do this again.
