/*All files here have the following licens: Copyright (C) Dániel I. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify 
this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, 
Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections,
Blue Front-Cover Texts, and Dark Green Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled 
"GNU Free Documentation License".*/
Once upon a time there was two geese 
who lost their parents.
They had a lot of problems growing up without parents.
And now I will tell you their story.
These two geese were born in the garden of a small house near Urbogfalva.
They have never thought 
how hard it will be to become an adult.
They have never thought 
that they will lose their parents so soon. 
They were lucky to have other animals in their garden, 
among them the nice shy duck.
The duck saw they were alone after loosing their parents she helped raising them.
She raise them as they were her children.
The geese didn't know what has happend to their parents 
so they agreed to find out together
when they will be mature enough.
The duck knew what happend 
and also knew that the kids will try to find out too 
but if they do so the same thing will happen to them.
The two geese were rentless.
The duck succesfully raise the geese 
and it was really hard to her to let them go.
The geese thanked for her years of hard work 
and they went on their way to find out 
what happend to their parents.
As they left the garden other animals helped them 
and showed the way. 
At the last stop they met the wolf. 
Who was tricky and told them 
that they will help reach their goal.
The two geese didn't even suspect that it was a trap!
 The wolf followed them 
and eat them both.
After the wolf swallowed them 
they found their parents' corpses.
The two geese were happy that they reached their goal 
they found their parents.
Altough they have become victims 
but the story is round as it is 
because in favor of the goal they sacrificed themselves.
