//Copyright (C) 2015 Dániel Iványi
//Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
//under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
//or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
//with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
//A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
//Free Documentation License".
Nowadays, lives a man and a women in different parts of the world far away from each other.
The man and the women both are around 25 years old trying to find there place in the world.
One day the man decides travel and try his luck.
But he didn't  count with on thing. In the modern world you can't just travel around.
You have to get the permisson of the state and you need a passport.
The man became angry but to travel he needs a passport.
They told him how long is the procedure to receive his document.
The man didn't know what to. He was thinking what to do but nothing came to his mind.
Suddenly he came up with an idea what if he plans his travel until then.
In the mean time the women is looking for the One, but she can't find him so she goes to find him.
But she knows today's modern world that she needs a passport and she already had one.
The next day she begins her journey. She takes the bus, boat and sometimes she walks.
She was walking whensuddenly notices a handsome man in the distance.
She starts to think what to do because she didn't know how shameful it is if the women begins the conversation.
But se decides to try it because you only live once.
She goes to the man and begins the conversation. The begin to know each other but the man is in a hurry the coversation ends really fast but they change their numbers.
The man goes home and suddenly finds out that this women is his ideal women so he calls her the same day.
The following day they met in a cafe and the man finds out that the women is on a journey to find the one.
The man also tried to travel but he couldn't because he didn't have a passport.
As his passport arrived he didn't need it anymore, because the man and the women lived together after this until they died.
The moral of the story is that somthing is not as bad as it seems. I mean that he didn't have a passport.
